# TSL Earth Colonialism Map

WIP gigantic map of earth (120x240) for Unciv with true start location centered around the restriction of access to the Americas, Australasia and most of Africa until the discovery of astronomy. Restriction of Sub-Saharan Africa has been done through the inclusion of the mythical Mountains of Kong and Mountains of the Moon, which were believed by some Europeans in the 19th century to have run unbroken from West Africa to Ethiopia or Somalia, making travel beyond near impossible by land.

Currently there are 2 versions of this map that you will get when you download: one vanilla map without resources placed, which can be done automatically by opening the map in the editor and going to generate > partial > spread resources; I've left it blank for now as I plan on manually placing resources down to be at least somewhat geohistorically accurate, e.g. copper in Dalaskogen, coal in the Pennines, bananas in SE Asia (but not Africa or South America as they did not originate there).

The other version is playable out-of-the-box, but requires some mods: Ancient Civilizations, Medieval Civilizations, The Barbarians, More Luxuries and Ratinfestation's City States. All 107 city states (vanilla + modded combined) have TSL too, though some are too close together and will move before settling if you have all of them turned on (or in the case of Douglas will be stuck on the isle of Mann until someone kills them). There doesn't seem to be a way to stop certain city states from spawning without removing them from the game, so this is a temporary thing until I get round to doing that. Also I can remove The Barbarians if people don't like it, I just like killing barbs and getting cool rewards for it (also be warned, there are barb camps already placed).

My end goal with this map is to change the style of play from vanilla without changing much about the game: the idea is that a lot of luxuries will only occur in certain parts of the world, so if you want to maintain a huge empire you will have to discover and settle/conquer/trade in a bunch of different places. If you need tobacco you'll have to go to the new world. If you need jade, Asia. Spices? The Moluccas. By placing historically accurate strategic importance on different areas it will incourage players to build a colonial empire rather than simply blobbing outwards from the starting location.
